Address Policheck issues, part 1 (#12559)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/async.md

    NetworkProgressBar.Visibility = Visibility.Visible;

    // The await operator suspends SeeTheDotNets_Click, returning control to its caller.

>     // This is what allows the app to be responsive and not stop responding on the UI thread.

Reviewer: would block be better?
```suggestion
    // This is what allows the app to be responsive and not block the UI thread.
```

Author: Yes, block would definitely be better, @Thraka. Thanks.
